
   I like clear arguments that connect back to a central idea.
Debaters should talk about impacts and address their opponent's
concerns (conceding to one of two does not necessarily mean conceding
the debate as a whole). I prefer a criterion that is easily measured
and evaluated: I would like the judging to be as objective as possible
and believe it is the debaters' responsibility to make a claim on what
moral framework should be used in evaluating the efficacy of the
resolution, as well as how we can tell whether that moral ideal has
been achieved. Arguments employing pathos are fine by me; emotion is
part of why we care so feel free to use it to establish value or
impact. Some technical things: Spreading is okay, but do so at your
own risk. Any argument not heard is an argument not made, so do not
sacrafice clarity for speed. Voter's issues are fine by me. Obscure
arguments (like arguing that the element Eaaodavodaoasdss is the only
way to save the earth) and other cheap tricks of debate will be
accepted, but I will allow rebuttal evidence based only on common
sense and logic as permissable in these cases--I prefer a debater to
win based on points that stand the test of time, not because they
chose something that with an hour of research could have been refuted
neatly though happened to not be immediately available. Lastly,
debaters should demonstrate respect for each other before, during and
after the round. It's easy to trust the arguments of a debater with
integrity.
  