
  (Written by Dana Christensen with AJ’s permission and sign-off.)

AJ debated for Kearney HS in Nebraska for four years. Following that he
debated at UMKC and had great success including an out round run at CEDA
nationals. AJ has debated a variety of strategies over the course of his
career. He is well versed in counterplan and disad debates as well as
debates that may take a more alternative form. While AJ is open to a
variety of arguments and styles he is strongly tied to the flow. He will
hold you to a high burden for extending and explaining arguments on the
line by line. If it isn’t there in an earlier speech you can guarantee he
will know it and give credit to new arguments accordingly. AJ will also
read evidence. In my experience he does this in most cases to ensure that
warrants claimed in the debate match the evidence but also in close
debates about contested issues the quality of competing pieces of evidence
might be the tie-breaker. As for most judges topicality and theory debates
are great but you should slow down on these parts of the debate and make
sure to interact arguments not just read giant theory dumps at top speed.
He will expect that these arguments are warranted and impacted just like
any other argument if you intend to go for them at the end of the round.
Lastly, AJ is a super friendly and helpful person if you have any specific
questions before the round feel free to ask.



**Note: This is AJ’s first tournament on this topic. He does have some
background from working in the summer and being around debate but you
should be clear about obscure acronyms or highly technical aspects of the
space debate. With that being said I think there should be no problems.
Great Nebraska judge here folks…rank him high.
  