
  I was a debater for three years in high school at Millard North. The
talented and handsome Dana Christensen was my partner for two of those
years. Following that I have stayed involved in debate by periodically
judging, coaching, and writing arguments when friends come calling for
help. I am a person who has a very analytical/scientific brain. I like
things to be well organized and to apply to basic rules of common sense.
This leads me to a couple of preferences that might be telling. I am
almost entirely convinced that an affirmative should have a plan text or
at very least a definitive course of action that they should be willing to
defend as enacted in the real world. I will listen to non-traditional
forms of debate but I am likely not the best judge for you. This also
means that I will adhere strongly to what is on my flow. If it isn’t on my
flow it doesn’t exist. That means that you should likely be watching me
when you are reading. If you are unclear I will stop flowing and likely
give you some non-verbal cues that I am unhappy. You should also slow down
on theory debates. Recently these debates have become extremely blippy and
often thinly warranted. If you are going to have a theory debate in front
of me please slow down a touch and give the argument some credit rather
than just reading a block. I will also read evidence after the round. I
believe that research is a critical part of debate. The better the quality
of your evidence and the better your extrapolation of that evidence the
greater your chances of winning. As for negative strategies I am
comfortable with most of anything that applies to those concepts I just
set out above. Therefore, your troll type arguments or esoteric philosophy
may not be the best. I have voted for them in the past however. I would
prefer a counterplan/disad/case debate if I had my druthers. Aside from
that I am willing to answer questions before the round and think that
debate should be fun but difficult.
  